This is an example of input file :

日本で一番高い山はなんでしょう？ A.富士山
日本で一番低い山はなんでしょう？ A.日和山
世界で一番高い山はなんでしょう？ A.エレベスト
日本で二番目に高い山はなんでしょう？ A.北岳
Water has a strong image of being clear and transparent. Sometimes it has a beautiful image, but the water has a divine personality. It's strange.
Since ancient times in Japan, water has been considered inflexible. Water is God's gift from heaven, and we cannot make it. There are many water-related disasters such as thunderstorms, floods and tsunamis. And above all, we cannot breathe in the water and we cannot live. For this reason, water has been considered to be more like a god than humans can control.

At the same time, water had the power to return everything to nothing. This is also the reason why water is considered to be close to God. Some disappear when dissolved in water, some disappear when diluted with water, water seems to eliminate gravity, and even the power of water can shave rocks. (It's an example of a river.) It's called "water bubbles" when something is wasted because it erases everything too much. After that, words that intentionally borrow the power of water are born. Let's use the power of water to fix our unpleasant relationships. In that sense, the saying "flush into water" is born.

With this kind of feeling, water is so wonderful that it can be said to be invincible. However, the water is so great that it becomes something you don't want to approach. Therefore, when a heckler is blown away, it is said to "pour water", and relatives are called "no need for water". If you show a little unfriendly pretense, you will get a "watery smell".
Today, I saw the word "all-you-can-eat". What do you imagine when it comes to all-you-can-eat? Well, it's all-you-can-eat, so you can do it infinitely.

However, what I saw was a novel word, "all-you-can-eat for 5 minutes." It's 5 minutes. It's not infinite, it's finite. Is it really all-you-can-eat? However, I'm the only one who is suspicious, so it may not be wrong.

But I think it's weird to have all-you-can-eat with restrictions. If you say such a thing, in Japan, you can do anything with legal restrictions, and even in a prison, you can do anything unless you are out of prison.

You can write as many articles as you want on the internet. But that is different from all-you-can-eat, if you give a crime notice, you will be caught firmly, if you escape from the prison, you will be wanted, and if you write an article on the net, it will burn and become a big problem. .. Therefore, it is not "all you can do".

In that sense, the word "all-you-can-eat for 5 minutes" felt like cheating us. Is it all-you-can-eat? Please ask your heart again.

The deception of words is widespread in the world. When I read it while being at the mercy of the title of the novel, the contents are completely different, or because the song title says "space", I thought it was a song with a space-like feeling, but it wasn't so, or I had to pay overtime at work. That's why I wondered if I could get paid, but overtime was invalidated in the first place, and anyway, this world is crazy.
But in fact, there are many things in the world that make us feel deceived.

Why is this kind of game-like smartphone app selling better than the original? I don't know. Even if I wonder if it's interesting, I open it and the gameplay is exactly the same, so I feel like I'm playing with the images replaced. Everyone seems to be fooled by the picture.

What's amazing about Picasso's paintings? I don't know. As an artist, I think it's amazing that I tried to write a new picture, but I can't tell the difference even if I wonder if the picture is amazing. There is no guarantee that if I put out the same picture at the same time at that time, it would have sold. Everyone feels like they're being fooled by "because it's Picasso."

Why don't parliamentarians talk properly in parliament? I still don't understand. It seems that the salary will be paid even if you sleep, and when you think that it is such a difficult job, you just skip the sword and fight, or the salary is several times higher than the general public who sweats and works with that. I don't know. Isn't there really no discussion and everyone is being deceived?
I was very worried today. Because I had a great dream today, and when I rushed into the pedestrian crossing at a tremendous speed without looking left or right, I was run over by a car and bounced off, and when I got up, that was my destination. It's a terrifying dream. The day before the sports test in junior high school, I had a dream of a werewolf running 50m in 0.2 seconds, and I think it was about the same speed as that, so I think it's probably about 300m per second. I will. (Because it takes time to accelerate 50m)

So, if the distance to the destination is (g (x)) ^ 2 + (g (y)) ^ 2, how can the car hit the person who rushed in at 300m / s to reach the destination? I thought about.

Why are we alive?  What is the world? What is the ultimate goal of this world? Today, the news is spreading bad news such as suicide from the day after the opening ceremony, and I thought about it again.

No matter how much you think about it, you don't know. Perhaps this universe is surrounded by huge spaghetti, or the soul after someone's death is actually wandering around.

Death, and life, the beginning and end of the universe, there is too little information to delusion.

For a long time, on the Internet, weird accounts disguised as married women have been looking for ultra-low-probability partners such as "annual income of 10 million, height of 175 or more, and ability to do household chores ...". It was seen.
I don't think there are many people in Japan who have an annual income of about 10 million, but what exactly is it ... I don't think there is 1%, but I think there is about 0.1%.
When I was looking at such a "highly aspiring woman", I often wondered, "If so, there may be a" high aspirational man "?" In fact, if you say, "You have a good face and a good personality ...", that may be enough hope.
I thought about that when I opened The Idolmaster.
"Oh, this is it!"
Is what I said.
For me, it can be said that the one with an annual income of 10 million was just a "personality".
The Idolmaster characters really have a lot of personalities with an annual income of 10 million classes.
Of course, unlike the "highly aspiring woman" mentioned at the beginning, it is a game creation.
It's not a perfect contrast, but it's definitely comparable.
Rhymes with "Good morning" and "I'm confused but in time"

Rhymes with "Good night" and "False explosion"

You can rhyme with "If you don't do it quickly, I'll leave it" and "Maybe you can get up unexpectedly in the desert"

Rhymes with "read the air" and "pray immediately"

Rhymes with "There is something I should live for" and "Don't be afraid to move to 2nd place"

Rhymes with "I'm embarrassed to live" and "It seems to be a good world"

Rhymes with "Awatenbo Santa Claus" and "Oh Heaven's Haircut"

Rhymes with "It's a thousand years old story" and "I don't want to contribute and the sponsorship is dangerous"

Rhymes with "light for the distant future" and "no more good partners"

Rhymes with "Yuki 100% courage" and "Desert Serpent Air"

Rhymes with "no doubt" and "aiaiai"

Rhymes with "I hate wet clothes too" and "Duelist Mordikai"

Rhymes with "I love you" and "Incompatible"

"I'll give you love from me to Kanako," and "I want to go to karaoke, give me money."

Rhymes with "Can you hear this voice?" And "There is a hotel in this temple."

"That's no good," and "maybe it's just spicy again."

"Peace was the best" and "I used the laser for 2 hours" to rhyme

"I don't want to go to a part-time job" and "Do you agree with Mai?"

Rhymes with "I don't want to use a large dictionary" and "I want to leave everything to Mai"

"I don't want to keep a rhino, so I'll run away," and "It's because of Mai anyway."

Rhymes with "Mai and maimai are difficult" and "The part-time job seems to be frustrating"

Rhymes with "Touken Ranbu" and "Six Years Executive"

You can rhyme with "Gymnastics is easy while you have good bones" and "Get your favorite part-time job"

Rhymes with "It's important when you're old" and "I solved it when you talked to each other"



"I don't want to finish it, I'm just struggling to the end."

Rhyme with "The best treasure that the sky draws is the answer"





"I don't like the world I was impressed with, it's worth it only once."

Rhyming with "Even if I mourn that it can't be helpful, I'm just chased by ruthless sadness





"Let's cherish this moment super"

Rhyme with "Finally move to a distant, distant ancient time"









"Thank you for watching so far"

You can rhyme with "You haven't come this far"



"Are all the above guys talented?"

Rhymes with "a quirky sense, the best"





"Look again"

You can rhyme with "Come again"







"Then, thank you"

Rhyme with "Let's meet again"
天海春香如月千早星井美希高槻やよい水瀬伊織我那覇響秋月律子双海真美双海亜美四条貴音萩原雪歩菊地真春日未来最上静香伊吹翼木下ひなた望月杏奈七尾百合子横山奈緒佐竹美奈子周防桃子中谷育大神環天空橋朋花二階堂千鶴馬場このみ百瀬莉緒豊川風花北沢志保矢吹可奈北上麗花野々原茜田中琴葉所恵美高坂海美島原エレナ宮尾美也舞浜歩徳川まつりエミリースチュアートジュリアロコ箱崎星梨花真壁瑞希永吉昴
The act of saving means saving money. It's a seemingly meaningless act of just keeping a wad of bills at hand, rather than buying something and holding it.

I think it's more valuable to accumulate virtue and save time than to save money.



... because it is considered meaningless to save money since long ago. If you save money, the money may become useless instead of a new one, and over time, the value of the money may change drastically and become scraps of paper. I can't trust it.

There are many people in the world who save money. Due to the recent refraining from going out and the anxiety of the world, the idea of ​​being reluctant to make money comes to the fore. And this is at the same time ... one of the popular actions that could cause the nation to collapse.
You, who are looking at this article now!

Are you reluctant to make money? ?? Isn't it more reluctant to make money because it's Corona? ??

Are you taking actions that encourage the neatness of all humankind? ??

Or do you think the money you're saving now really remains worth a year later?

Have you ever wondered if Japan could suddenly become Zimbabwe?

And you in the primary industry who are looking at this article now!

Would you like to become a new king? Want to start a new business and become a millionaire?

Why don't you create a storm of six birds with one stone that you can make a profit from a new business while saving the world's industry? ??

The one that can move at this timing may be the president's vessel.



... Well, I said a mess, but if you are reluctant to make money because of this age, it will be difficult for Japan to lose production of Nantoka Kantoka.

"My actions go around and hurt me."

It's a really common story. And ...

"Business opportunities are everywhere"

This is also a really common story.



Now is the time to aim for a one-shot reversal of life.

We were released after hearing from the police.

I was suspected that much, but it seems that he was not arrested immediately. Does this mean that everything is absent?

"No, I was crazy today."

Kaneko laughed and approached the conversation. To be honest, I can't laugh now,

Listening to that voice made me feel a little better.

"It's true. I don't think there is a criminal among us."

Kindaichi's harsh opinion jumped out with a brim at a speed of 300 km / h.

I do think so. The criminal is just trying to blame us.

"Well, I'm sorry I just returned yesterday."

Daniel looks apologetic. Well but rather we

I'm wrong about working overtime.

"It's okay. Oh, I'm sorry to hear that."

"Thank you for your hard work."

Kaneko and Ichi Kaneda broke up here because their homes were in different directions. The rest is Daniel and myself.

Daniel had something to ask, so I invited him to go eat a midnight snack.

By the way, A Happy new year in Xmas is legal